Hello, 

guitarix,

guitarix is a simple mono amplifier to JACK (Jack Audio Connection Kit) with
one input and two outputs. It is designed to get nice trash/metall/rock/blues
guitar sounds. Controls for bass, treble, gain, compressor, preamp, balance,
distortion, freeverb, crybaby(wah) and echo are available. A fixed resonator
will be used when distortion is disabled. For the 'pressure' in the sound you
can use the feedback and feedforward sliders.

guitarix includes an experimental tuner and a JACK midi output port with 3
channels. They will be fed by a mix from a pitch tracker and a beat detector.
You can pitch the octave (2 up or down), choose the midi channel, the program,
the velocity and the sensitiviy, which means how fast the note will read after
the beat detector emits a signal. Values can be set for the beat detector for
all channels.

Guitarix will use autoconnect. There for it use the environment variables: 

	  GUITARIX2JACK_INPUTS
	  GUITARIX2JACK_OUTPUTS

useage:
	  export GUITARIX2JACK_INPUTS=system:capture_1
	  export GUITARIX2JACK_OUTPUTS1=system:playback_1
	  export GUITARIX2JACK_OUTPUTS2=system:playback_2

If you dont use this variables guitarix will use this default settings. If you
set them blank, guitarix dont use autoconnect. 

Guitarix used a gtk.rc file to pimp the window, you can set your own gtk.rc
file with:

    [--rcset] or [-r]  ->use the given path/name of gtk.rc file with guitarix.
                            
    guitarix -r /home/my/rcstyle

If you dont use this variable guitarix will use this default settings. If you
set --clear or -c guitarix won't use a gtk.rc file and will use the settings
from your windowmanager.

For easy useage you will find the script set_env_guitarix.sh in the source
tree. You can set the environment variables in the script and start guitarix
with it.

Guitarix comes with a GTK Interface and as Ladspa plugin.

RECOMMENDS:

For capture, guitarix make use of jack_capture from Kjetil S. Matheussen. If
you dont have it installed, look here:

			http://old.notam02.no/arkiv/src/?M=D

You dont need jack_capture to run guitarix, but the capture button won't work
without jack_capture and you get a warning when ever you push that button.
guitarix only look in /usr/bin and /usr/local/bin for jack_capture. 

Record will allways go to ~/.guitarix/session.ogg
If you want to save a session, rename or remove this file before you record
your next session.

You also need vorbis-tools for encode to ogg:

			http://vorbistools.sourceforge.net/

For impulse response it use jconv by Fons Adriaensen 

                        http://www.kokkinizita.net/linuxaudio/index.html 

You can choose the sets from some limited options for jconv with a setup widget
and start/stop jconv. The jconv settings will be saved together with the
preset-settings from guitarix. 

guitarix will check the ir.wav file for white space in the filename and remove
it if present. Also you can resample the file to your used jack sample rate.
The rest is the same with jack_capture, you don't need jconv to run/build 
guitarix, but . . . 

NEEDED:

You need Gtk+-dev, libsndfile1-dev and libjack-dev to build guitarix.
To build guitarix and guitarix.so simply run "make". 

INSTALL:

It`s not nessesary to install guitarix, but you can. To run guitarix from the
sourcetree please use the set_env_guitarix.sh script.

Per default guitarix will install in /usr . If you wish to install it somewhere
other than (/usr/local) please edit the PREFIX in the Makefile to your needs.

To build a debian paket run "dpkg-buildpackage -rfakeroot -b"

THANKS:

I use faust to build the prototype and will say thanks to contributors:

contributors 	: Julius Smith <http://ccrma.stanford.edu/realsimple/faust/>
		: Albert Graef <http://www.musikwissenschaft.uni-mainz.de/~ag/ag.html>
		: Yann Orlary <http://faust.grame.fr/>

enjoy

If you run prob's with build or run guitarix, please inform me.

                     brummer-@web.de
