Warning: experimental/unfinished code, missing documentation...

This directory contains an analog electronic circuit simulator, like
e.g. Spice but with an emphasis on automatic code generation for
realtime execution (which means it can directly generate Guitarix
modules).

It uses the "DK method" and generates/compiles optimized C++ code
internally for signal calculations.

The simulated circuit is defined by a "netlist", which is easy to
write manually. Circuit schematics can also be drawn with gschem (part
of gEDA). The gschem files (.sch) in this directory use additional
symbols which are in the subdirectory gschem-symbols. Before opening
them with gschem please add a line

(component-library "<absolute path to directory gschem-symbols>")

to the file ~/.gEDA/gafrc (of course replace the <...> with the real
path). (Tip: gschem on Ubuntu 13.4 needs the environment setting
UBUNTU_MENUPROXY= to have working keyboard shortcuts.)

It is highly recommended to create a Python 2.7 virtual environment 
  (see https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/
  and https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtualenv/)
dedicated to Guitarix. 
This ensures any system update will not interfere with the Python packages used by Guitarix and its tools.

Packages used are:
Cython==0.27.3
matplotlib==2.2.0
mpmath==1.0.0
numpy==1.14.2
scipy==1.0.0
sympy==1.1.1

Additional dependencies:
 - for internally generated C++ module:
   - libeigen3-dev
   - libcminpack-dev
   - libsundials-serial-dev
 - to generate symbolic output (e.g. Faust code):
   - maxima
   - (at least on debian / ubuntu): package maxima-share (add-on packages)

Demo:

"python simu.py", then select e.g. 5 (PushPullTransformer). You can
disable C code generation by adding option -p (the calculation will be
about a factor of 100 slower).

Create a Guitarix module crybaby4 from the schematics in wahwah.sch:

python simu.py --linearize -S wahwah.sch --create-c-module=crybaby4 --c-samplerate=44100

The module is automatically copied to ~/.config/guitarix/plugins, so
you can just start / restart Guitarix to try out the module (you'll
find it in the category "External"). It uses the script
tools/build-cmodule, so maybe you need to tweak the compiler options
in that script.

Look at the spectrum of the WahWah processing (uses the wahwah circuit
netlist from circ.py):

python simu.py --linearize WahWah --plot-spectrum --plot-variable=hotpotz

TODO: the produced code gets real-time execution speed for simple
circuits, but for complex circuits the solver for nonlinear equations
needs to be replaced (by function appromixation tables etc.).
